
WORLD:
*Sci-Fi Ancient / SteamPunk universe*
(Steampunk romans and greeks are a thing here)
with different humanoid(?) races trying to coexists with eachother and many different factions

For now to make work easy we will focus on those:

Humans - Most common race in the world, boooooring

Elfs - arrogat and long living race, they want to keep the world pure

Anturians - Race of people living on the desert, they love selling you stuff you dont need but you buy anyway 

yoshan'hvans - wierd, alien looking race of anthropods/ant thingies. They breed fast but are kinda weak even compared to humans, they sucks at technology

Dwarfs - race of dwarfs prefering to live under the high mountains. They loves gold, beer and killin with thier heavy weapons build from the best metals avaible.

Manborgs - more a machine than human at this points, manborgs worship the technology god Boltannon

Bohran - many different humanoid bigcat races varying in size and abilities loving high technology - solitary and rare

Wolfs - the mighty wolfs, protectors of the forests and rivers. Social and powerfull creatures wild in heart

FACTIONS:

|| High Elf council - arrogant and long living elf race TODO

|| Dwarfs of the north - TODO

|| Yoshan'hvans swarm - TODO

|| Technocracy of Eden - TODO

|| Undead Horde - They are comming! Run! TODO

|| Suntallons - preety much africans TODO

|| West Empire - expansive empire similar in style to romans. Except they have mechs and steam power obviously.
They excell in producting high quality foot soldiers. They can build structures faster and cheaper then any other factions. 
+ Structure build speed and reducted cost
+ Better infantry units
> Leader: The Emperor CRISPUS - the old curly haired and wise man trying to expand his empire further and further

|| Tupor Pack - gigantic pack of wolves (and other friendly pops) with government basicaly leaded by alpha

|| Bohran Alliance [Like supreme commander cybrans] - time of endless wars has come to end between different kinds of Bohrans.
Bohr Steelclaw - a young leopard - managed to unite all those wild solitary animals under one name and idea. They call themselves Bohrans to this day.
United they managed to overcome thier lack in numbers by high technology and stealth.
+ Access to unique technologies
+ Better units
+ utilise stealth
- reduced population
- higher living standards
> Leader: Gonharg Rarrport - Old Lion that knows the value of technology

STORY:

Your village has been rided by the cult jupiter mercenaries - ruthless sect of technology worshiping priests. (Game workshop please dont sue us)
We decided to not pay them thier "safety" tribute this time so we will be able to flee this place in search of new home.
As we were loading the cargo onto our ship, we got attacked by surprise. Most men capable of defending us were working in the mines at this time.
Only few survived the merciless attack onboard the ship that managed to escape only slightly damaged.
Previous village chief has been killed in this raid.
Now you has been choosen as the new leader - you are now the Chief Seraphim Paperbag (you can choose your last name for differend starting techs). Now the most important decision lays in your hands.
Should we stay and rebuild the village before they come back or should we sail the sea in search of new home ?

